# Commercial License Agreement

## 1. License Grant

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Licensor hereby 
grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the 
Software for managing investment accounts with Assets Under Management (AUM) up 
to $1,000,000 USD.

## 2. Restrictions

### 2.1 Individual Use

This license is granted for individual use only. The Licensee must be a natural 
person and not a company, corporation, or other legal entity.

### 2.2 AUM Limitation

The Licensee may only use the Software to manage accounts with a combined AUM 
not exceeding $1,000,000 USD. If at any time the Licensee's AUM exceeds this 
limit, the Licensee must immediately cease use of the Software and contact the 
Licensor to obtain a separate commercial license.

### 2.3 Commercial Use

Companies of any size and individuals managing accounts with AUM exceeding 
$1,000,000 USD are not permitted to use the Software under this license. Such 
entities or individuals must obtain a separate commercial license by contacting 
the Licensor.

### 2.4 Usage, Modification, and Redistribution

Licensees are permitted to use the code as provided and make modifications for 
their own personal use. However, redistribution of the original or modified 
code is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing, 
publishing, or selling the code to third parties.

## 3. Commercial Licensing

For commercial licensing inquiries, including use by companies or for managing 
accounts with AUM exceeding $1,000,000 USD, please contact:

Weston Platter
Email: westonplatter@gmail.com

## 4. No Warranty

The Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or 
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, 
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement.

## 5. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the Licensor be liable for any claim, damages or other 
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, 
out of or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the 
Software.

## 6. Termination

This license is effective until terminated. Your rights under this license will 
terminate automatically without notice from the Licensor if you fail to comply 
with any term(s) of this license.

## 7. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Colorado, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts 
of law.

By using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this license.
